So some of the technology that I worked on in my career as a nuclear technician,
it's kind of divided into two parts because the nuclear technology
field is divided into two parts. The first one is electrical
things, I'm an Electrician's Mate, so I used many components like
a watt meter, a volt meter, oscilloscope these are all equipment that
you use to touch things around the plant to get readings on them.
See what their oil level is, see what they're voltage is, see what
the current is, see what the power is. So they're really used all throughout
America as electricians as use them. The other part of my job,
the nuclear technology field, is very specific most of the time.
But if you think of Homer Simpson, he was a nuclear technologist. It
only deals with things that the uranium cycle can do to make power.
So some of things that I worked on deal with the nuclear part of the
aircraft carrier and the way that it makes the ship run. So for instance
it makes electricity. So for instance I worked with turbine
generators. The nuclear technology of the aircraft carrier makes steam,
so the steam will power lots of different things all around the
ship. So all of the valves that it takes to make sure that the steam
goes to the right places, so that a spin pumps, or to move the screws
of the aircraft carrier so that it can move through the water. All
of those are things I dealt with as far as technology.